Question 1:- What is React?
Answer :- React is Javascript library and they are make a user interface and it
          is a single page application and they are most popular in this time.

Question 2:- Who made React?
Answer :- Jordan walke and it was work on facebook company.

Question 3:- What is Babel?
Answer :- Babel is the Javascript compiller that allow the write the code 
          lastest javscript on syntax and they are transform of javscript on 
          different browser.

Question 4:- How does Babel convert html code in React into valid code?
Answer :- Babel is the transformation code of Javascript. to handle the html or 
          jsx is used to html tag to jsx code and they are transformation to browser easily read.

Question 5:- What is ReactDOM used for? Write an example?
Answer :- it is the packages of react that provides specific method of react to
          the render the component.

Question 6:- What are the packages that you need to import for react to work with?
Answer :- they are need the packages react or react dom and they packages are use to create  
          create single application and react is the library to building a component and react dom is used the render the component.

Question 7:- How do you add react to a web application?
Answer :- yes i am add a react on web application within in a few minutes and
          they are need a react and react dom libraies and they are few change of react on website on easily convert of react and they are use react component and render the
          html dom.


Question 8:- What is React.createElement?
Answer :- React.createElement is the method to create a html element and they are also 
          create css properties and they are three argument in react first one is 
          html , second is a react component properties(props) and last is children.

Question 9:- What are the three properties that createElement accept?
Answer :- they are three properties that createElement 
        1. Element Type :- it is the represent type of html tag or react component.
        2. Properties(Type):- it is defined on element on properties or attributes.  
        3. Children :- the child element is the nested within the html element.

Question 10:- What is the meaning of render and root?
Answer :- it the process of react dom to the html element display the screen and the root
          is target the place where to render the html code on which place so they are inside to the render on them. they are display the react dom on screen.
